our YouTube what's going on mesa film
issaquah morning morning here Shawn back
out of it so destiny we got a new bounty
but it's a little weird you gotta do it
three times you gotta kill this guy
right here it's called the silent Fang
how'd the sound thing in the Cosmodrome
to go to Otto's which is right past the
Forgotten shore but each time you go to
it he's only there once you kill him I
waited around not another one spawn so
you got to go back in and kill him
alright so we just one able to go right
to the Forgotten short yeah so I went
before I killed him and then it was just
one of them there he's totally invisible
was actually a hard to see and then
another one didn't spawn for a little
bit so I went back to orbit so we're
gonna see he should be there again
alright so once you make your way here
to the Forgotten sure you go all the way
right and it's gonna be a series of like
little tunnels or something i call them
and then there's actually this weird
door there i found a while back this is
dead ghost over there if you haven't
gotten it i'll show you exactly where it
is i'm curious what this door is gonna
lead to one day it looks like one of
those like Rasputin doors or something
or the doors that went down to a coup
mr. recipe no protective I can't talk
protect recipe when you gotta go fight a
on the seagull alright so it's not on
this path you got to get to like the end
right if tick about it go past those two
drugs and you got to jump down liquids
down here yeah here ago so he should be
down here yep and there he is he's
invisibly I'm gonna gala him
he's dead let me just check on my
musical expand so use my fists affiant
only one that likes this freaking thing
oh let's go take a look this show me too
yeah so yeah you got to go back in orbit
guys each time you kill him it's get
some rep right here real quick yeah and
here's his door I don't know where this
thing goes and the dead ghost i found
was right there and yeah who knows where
this thing I wonder if anyone's actually
tried to glitch in here to get into this
door some I don't know that's it drop a
legging this video only if you see fit
follow me on to twitter i'm a su shun
check on my stream what should be right
here on youtube i think i'm gonna be
rating with subscribers tonight Kuroda's
scrotus and and volt of glasses right
after so that's it grab you peanuts a
Trevor we're back I'm dead